Turning Back Obstacles and Adverse Circumstances: A Prayer to Orgyen Rinpoche, Embodiment of All Sources of Refuge OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ In the palace of the essence of primordial purity, Samantabhadra, the dharmakāya Padmākara, With buddhas and bodhisattvas amid the space of wisdom- To you we pray, inspire us with your blessings! Outer enemies, turmoil in the four elements; Inner obstacles, physical sickness; Secret harmful spirits, the obstacles of the mind- Dispel them all into the dharmadhātu! OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ From the palace of the nature of spontaneous presence, The five saṃbhogakāya Tötreng Tsal families Arise as ocean-like infinite maṇḍalas. To you we pray, inspire us with your blessings! Outer enemies, turmoil in the four elements; Inner obstacles, physical sickness; Secret harmful spirits, the obstacles of the mind- Dispel them all into the dharmadhātu! OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ From the palace of all-pervading compassion, The eight nirmāṇakāya manifestations, taming each in their own way, Masters of the web of magical illusions, beyond all imagining- To you we pray, inspire us with your blessings! Outer enemies, turmoil in the four elements; Inner obstacles, physical sickness; Secret harmful spirits, the obstacles of the mind- Dispel them all into the dharmadhātu! OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ You are the embodiment of all the root and lineage lamas Of the mind-to-mind, symbolic, and oral lineages, Vidyādhara of spontaneous perfection, Lake-Born Lord- To you we pray, inspire us with your blessings! Outer enemies, turmoil in the four elements; Inner obstacles, physical sickness; Secret harmful spirits, the obstacles of the mind- Dispel them all into the dharmadhātu! OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ From the magical display of the nine spaces of wisdom Emanate clouds of peaceful and wrathful yidams With their sovereign lord Padma Drakpo- To you we pray, inspire us with your blessings! Outer enemies, turmoil in the four elements; Inner obstacles, physical sickness; Secret harmful spirits, the obstacles of the mind- Dispel them all into the dharmadhātu! OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ Lord of the assembly of ḍākinīs of the three places- Ḍākinīs of the sacred realms, tantric yoginīs, and coemergent ḍākinīs- Glorious herukas, great ācāryas- To you we pray, inspire us with your blessings! Outer enemies, turmoil in the four elements; Inner obstacles, physical sickness; Secret harmful spirits, the obstacles of the mind- Dispel them all into the dharmadhātu! OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ Your mind is inseparable from the expanse of the wisdom mind Of the buddhas of all dimensions of space and time; Embodiment of all the sugatas, Lotus-Born One- To you we pray, inspire us with your blessings! Outer enemies, turmoil in the four elements; Inner obstacles, physical sickness; Secret harmful spirits, the obstacles of the mind- Dispel them all into the dharmadhātu! OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ Through the 84,000 teachings of Dharma, Your speech satisfies the minds of all those to be trained; Supreme teacher, Padma Vajra Tsal- To you we pray, inspire us with your blessings! Outer enemies, turmoil in the four elements; Inner obstacles, physical sickness; Secret harmful spirits, the obstacles of the mind- Dispel them all into the dharmadhātu! OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ Your body presides above the heads Of the saṅghas of all three yānas; Immortal Padmasambhava- To you we pray, inspire us with your blessings! Outer enemies, turmoil in the four elements; Inner obstacles, physical sickness; Secret harmful spirits, the obstacles of the mind- Dispel them all into the dharmadhātu! OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ Lord of Orgyen, in you are gathered all sources of refuge. Whenever we think of you and pray to you from our hearts, Shower down a great rain of blessings and siddhis From your vast wisdom expanse of knowledge and love! Outer enemies, turmoil in the four elements; Inner obstacles, physical sickness; Secret harmful spirits, the obstacles of the mind- Dispel them all into the dharmadhātu! OṂ ĀḤ HŪṂ VAJRA GURU PADMA SIDDHI HŪṂ May the resources of the outer environment and this world increase, May its inhabitants-all beings-live in accord with the Dharma, May the lives of the holders of the teachings be firm and may the teachings spread, And may all be auspicious so that our and others' benefit be fulfilled! So as to benefit everyone, both himself and others, Khyentse Wangpo, a holy one among the vidyādharas, prayed just whatever came into his mind. Virtue! 
